Now with the core basic set, now that you know how you can basically insert data, read data and so on
and that you also saw how you can explore your data,
let's take a step back and start at the basis or the start of any project
and there you'll have to decide how you model your data,
how do you plan to store your data in the database, which relations exist between your data and how should
these relations be reflected in your database?
These are all important questions and these questions will impact how you use mongodb and how you
structure your data there.
Therefore in this module, we'll have a look at document schemas and understand what's up with these
and how you can create documents schemas or define documents schemas and we'll also have a look at the
important data types
mongodb offers to you because data types like texts, numbers but also some advanced types
like dates and so on are of course crucial to enable you to store exactly the data your application
or your use case needs. We'll not stop at these data types in the general document schema though, we'll
also have a look at relations between documents or your data because in most applications, you got
different entities, things like let's say when you're building a blog, you have posts, you have users
you have comments and all these entities are related and these relations need to be reflected in your
database too
and you will see how that works in mongodb in this module too.
And last but not least, having an idea of how your data should look like is nice but you also want to
validate incoming data, so all your inserts and updates, you want to validate whether the data getting
written there fulfills your requirements,
so for example if that age of a user really is a number. And you will learn how you can perform schema
validation in this module too therefore.